## Reason #1 The times of the Hungarian notation have passed

Main argument from `I`-prefix-for-interface supporters is that prefixing is helpful for immediately grokking (peeking)
whether type is an interface. Statement that prefix is helpful for immediately grokking (peeking) is an appeal to
Hungarian notation. `I` prefix for interface name, `C` for class, `A` for abstract class, `s` for string variable, `c`
for const variable, `i` for integer variable.

I agree that such name decoration can provide you type information without hovering
mouse over identifier or navigating to type definition via a hot-key. This tiny benefit is outweighed by Hungarian
notation disadvantages and other reasons mentioned below. Hungarian notation is not used in contemporary frameworks. C#
has `I` prefix (and this the only prefix in C#) for interfaces due to historical reasons (COM). In retrospect one of
.NET
architects (Brad Abrams) thinks it would have been better not using `I` prefix. TypeScript is COM-legacy-free thereby it
has no `I`-prefix-for-interface rule.

## Reason #2 `I`-prefix violates encapsulation principle

Let's assume you get some black-box. You get some type reference that allows you to interact with that box. You should
not care if it is an interface or a class. You just use its interface part. Demanding to know what is it (interface,
specific implementation or abstract class) is a violation of encapsulation.

Example: let's assume you need to fix API Design Myth: Interface as Contract in your code e.g. delete `ICar` interface
and
use `Car` base-class instead. Then you need to perform such replacement in all consumers. `I`-prefix leads to implicit
dependency of consumers on black-box implementation details.

## Reason #3 Protection from bad naming

Developers are lazy to think properly about names. Naming is one of the Two Hard Things in Computer Science. When a
developer needs to extract an interface it is easy to just add the letter `I` to the class name and you get an interface
name. Disallowing `I` prefix for interfaces forces developers to strain their brains to choose appropriate names for
interfaces. Chosen names should be different not only in prefix but emphasize intent difference.

Abstraction case: you **should not** define an `ICar` interface and an associated `Car` class. `Car` is an abstraction,
and it
should be the one used for the contract. Implementations should have descriptive, distinctive names e.g. `SportsCar`,
`SuvCar`, `HollowCar`.

:::tip

Good example: `WpfeServerAutosuggestManager` implements `AutosuggestManager`, `FileBasedAutosuggestManager`
implements `AutosuggestManager`.

:::

:::danger

Bad example: `AutosuggestManager` implements `IAutosuggestManager`.

:::

## Reason #4 Properly chosen names vaccinate you against API Design Myth: Interface as Contract.

In my practice, I met a lot of people that thoughtlessly duplicated interface part of a class in a separate interface
having `Car` implements `ICar` naming scheme. Duplicating interface part of a class in separate interface type does not
magically convert it into abstraction. You will still get concrete implementation but with duplicated interface part. If
your abstraction is not so good, duplicating interface part will not improve it anyhow. Extracting abstraction is hard
work.

:::note

In TS you don't need separate interface for mocking classes or overloading functionality. Instead of creating a
separate interface that describes public members of a class you can use TypeScript utility types. E.g. `Required<T>`
constructs a type consisting of all public members of type `T`.

:::

```typescript
export class SecurityPrincipalStub implements Required<SecurityPrincipal> {
    public isFeatureEnabled(entitlement: Entitlement): boolean {
        return true;
    }

    public isWidgetEnabled(kind: string): boolean {
        return true;
    }

    public areAdminToolsEnabled(): boolean {
        return true;
    }
}
```

If you want to construct a type excluding some public members then you can use combination of Omit and Exclude.

[Reference](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31876947/confused-about-the-interface-and-class-coding-guidelines-for-typescript)












